You are the One who offers happiness
and removes sorrows at the time of danger.
You offer lots of tender
love and blessings
You have red paste on Your body
and wear a pearl necklace.
Victory to You, most auspicious One!
Even by Your glance
You fulfill the desires in our minds.
Victory, O God!
The Goddess Gauri
is present by Your side
Bedecked with gems and jewellery,
the diamond studded crown on
Your head adds to Your gracefulness,
The anklets on Your feet make heavenly music.
Victory to You, most auspicious One!
Even by Your glance
You fulfill the desires in our minds.
Victory, O God!
I always have in mind Your big belly,
Your pitambar (yellow dhoti), Kundalini on Your stomach
Your straight trunk,
Your innocent face with its three eyes.
The servant of Shri Rama is waiting
for You in this house (body).
Please protect us from calamities and sorrows.
O Highest amongst Gods, we bow to You!
Victory to You, most auspicious One!
Even by Your glance
You fulfill the desires in our minds.
Victory, O God!